doc(release) Release notes for collect 24.10.3 / Gorgone 24.10.2 (#3910)
centreon/centreon-documentation: i18n/fr/docusaurus-plugin-content-docs/version-24.10/releases/centreon-os.mdx

## Centreon Collect

### 24.10.3

Release date: `December 18, 2024`

<details open>
  <summary>Enhancements</summary>

- [CMA] Added a native CPU check for Windows & Linux.

> - [CMA] Added a native Memory check for Windows.
> - [CMA] Added a native Uptime check for Windows.
> - [CMA] Added a native Storage check for Windows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [CMA] Added native checks for Windows: Memory, Uptime and Storage.
```

> - [CMA] Agent checks scheduling has been optimized to avoid delay in case of checks timeouts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [CMA] Agent check scheduling has been optimized to avoid delay in case of check timeouts.
```

> - [CMA] Centreon Monitoring Agent & installer are now signed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [CMA] The Centreon Monitoring Agent and its installer are now signed.
```

</details>

<details>
  <summary>Bug fixes</summary>

- [Broker] Adapted Broker parsing so as to avoid breaking a metric name ending with the ] character.
- [Broker] Fixed a typo in an SQL query.

> - [CMA] Fixed a listening issue when using "Poller initiated connection".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [CMA] Fixed a listening issue that occurred when using "Poller-initiated connection" mode.
```

> - [Engine] Fixed errors in RRD logs that appeared following the upgrade to the new log engine in collect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Engine] Fixed errors in RRD logs that appeared following the upgrade to the new log engine in Collect.
```

## Centreon Gorgone

### 24.10.2

Release date: `December 18, 2024`

<details>
  <summary>Bug fixes</summary>

> - [Gorgone] Fixed a bug in gorgone where if the plateform have thousands of hosts, pushing the configuration failed and gorgone connection was severed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Gorgone] Fixed a bug in Gorgone affecting platforms with thousands of hosts, where deploying the configuration failed and the connection with Gorgone was lost.
```
